Throughout my years of 17.5 years of schooling, ntohing has crossed my path in the way of organization quite like Git. It was, without a doubt, a very new experince when it came to archiving data. While not dissimaler to using a shared google drive, it was not the same either. With a shared Google drive, you can clearly see and click on exactly what you wish to make changes to. Git made it a bit more complicated but not without adding its own little quirks of how to make it better. Being able to pull from repositories that are public is not something Google offers. Git also offered the possibility to pull older versions of what I had written in case I had decided that I wanted to rewrite a paragraph differently. This came in handy when we accidentally deleted my Capstone Paper on my local drive and had to retrieve the latest one. If that had happened without Git I would have never been able to retrieve my paper. It was a very new experience usng version control, nit not an unwelcomed one.
For someone who is often doing work on their own, this was not an improvement on my overall work. Having to make new commits or even having to recall how to make such commits did become tedious and slightly time consuming as I wrote a paper last minute for my class. However, it did remind me to dave often and continuously push new commits to github so that I would have new versions where need be. To be candid, it is rather unlikely I will use Git again in the future. We may never know though. As someone who worked in SAS and enjoyed the coding aspect of it, it is not unlikely that I may use Git again if I find myself in a large data operation center running police aggregate data for crime mapping. For the time being, however, I will continue to use my local disk and make saaves over original copies, even at the risk of wanting to change something later. 
There was a sort of novelty in having every version I had submitted to the repository at my finger tips if or when I needed it. It was also nice to know that if I had deleted it from my local disk, I could pull the last commit and have a version of it exactly or hopefully close to what I was working on last. This has opened my eyes to the possibility of using version control on future projects, wheter it be through git or possibly Google Docs' setting. This course taught me a lot more in 12 hours than I honestly thought it would. It showed me how working in a setting with everyone using the same system and submitting new files has the possibility to be an enjoyable experince, not just a work until you are done type of setting. It also taught me about some very useful tools and features that I could use in the future and how to access them if I decide I ever need them. I will more than likely be removing Git Bash and other related software from my computer once the semester is over. Although, I know it is there if I ever need it again and I defintiely have the tools, and the PDF of the book, to guide me back to where I am now with Git.  
